{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs28 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I think that it accomplishes well considering the amount of time i was given to complete it. I had originally aspired to create a game in which several drinks need to be made at a regular frequency, however, this would have needed a lot more time to complete and get running. I feel that the original backbone of my idea is still well represented. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I got stuck trying to figure out how to trigger the notice about the NPC in the lobby when the PSL was made. At first i was trying to create an instead rule for combining, but that was\'92t compiling. I continued to try different types of rules (ex. if, instead, after) but nothing allowed my game file to compile correctly. I finally got unstuck by looking throughout my entire game. I realized that if I changed the combining definition so that something happened when he item built was a psl, I was able to complete the action I had set out to have occur. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe each of three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle (can be pasted in from your Checkpoints.)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Puzzle #1 is a building puzzle. It works by combining different ingredients to make drink.  I have many ingredients needed to be use to create the drink. This drink will be the final piece needed to get the code and win the game.\'a0 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Puzzle #2 is \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ordinary use of an object for intended purpose. I created a key for a cabinet. this cabinet holds the hidden pumpkin spice latte. I created it to add to the bigger all around puzzle.\'a0It is only found in the apron, which the player can either examine of wear the apron to find it.\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Puzzle #3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
is a mix of unordinary use of an object and an ordinary use of an object by using the code given to the player to open the safe. I also created an unordinary use of an object by making the code only given to the player when the player gives Cole (an NPC) his drink.\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I tried to make the game very realistic with my representation. I created a real situation with a big motivation factor. I created the idea of a real life motivation to be the objective of the game as well. I also created an environment where the safety is high. If a drink was\'92t completed when promised in real life, the risk would be higher than a simple game. I think this helped to enhance the game by making the player get more grossed into the realness of it. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Galen tested my game. I was able to find a lot of little errors that I wouldn\'92t have seen or thought of before. I was able to make my hints more centered around the end goal of the game after seeing where galen strayed from what I had hoped the player would do. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Like I said above, I was able to better focus the entire game on the ultimate goal and the path getting there. I felt I was better able to \'93push\'94 the player in the right direction without giving away too much. I think this definitely helped to enhance my game. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I tested Galen\'92s game. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What feedback were you able to give?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I was able to help him understand some of the difficulties I was having as a player. I felt that I was able to help him understand how the game got a little confusing without the exits listed. I also thought that I was able to help him see that the path to his ultimate game was a little too hidden. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are you most proud of?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I am most proud of my use of time. I didn\'92t think it was possible to use time in the game, but I was able to look through he handbook and inform page to us time in my game. I think that it gave it more of a \'93real\'94 feeling. I think that is really was able to enhance my game in a unique way. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What would you do differently next time?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Next time, I would try to set away a lot more time so that I could have my initial vision come true. I think that if I had set away more time, or if I had more time for the project, I could have accomplished and explored a lot more about this type of coding. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}